HOW TRACK AND RECOVER BITCOIN SENT TO SCAMMERS WITH MAESTRO ENCRYPTER FINANCIER

I saw an opportunity to invest in cryptocurrency about two months ago, and I took my chance. I contacted a broker whom I saw videos on youtube, and I invested a huge sum of money around £65,000, which was deposited using Bitcoin with hopes to gain massive returns on my investment. I continued to follow up on my portfolio, and it was increasing daily on the website. It made me excited and confident. Thirty days later, which was supposed to be my payout date, I tried to make a withdrawal, as I needed money to pay my bills and buy a new house; however, the broker insisted that I had to keep investing or pay some fees to withdraw my money. It was very disappointing to be told, especially since the process had been going well when I made the deposit. In the end, I paid fees totalling about £45,800. At that point, I was rather desperate, given that my portfolio showed I had a total of about £111,400. That is the background to why I was willing to pay the above fees. It turned out to be a ploy where they kept requesting me to send more money for one thing or another, like taxes, miner fees, and so many others. I refused, and instead, I won't pay more. They locked my account for many weeks. A month later, I saw a post about Maestro Encrypter Financier company, where it was stated that they were capable of recovering my money. With a little faith in me, I contacted them immediately, and discussed my situation, and sent all the information I had.
In less than a week, I got my BTC back. I give thanks to the universe for sending them my way. I would like to recommend them to anyone out there. They are able to recover any crypto coin: Bitcoin, Usdt, Eth, Dogecoin. Now, with their guidelines and skills, I have my funds back. You can always contact them via
EMAIL : maestroencrypter @ financier. com
Whatsapp: + 1 472 203 8937
